Mithril update 2024-11-27 (#509)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-11-27-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-11-27-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team released a new one line installer for the pre-built Mithril binaries which will facilitate, in particular, the update process of the signers for the SPOs, and they released a protocol [Security](https://mithril.network/doc/mithril/mithril-protocol/security) page on the documentation website. They also started working on the implementation of a new type of certification for the Cardano database which will allow differential update: a new signed entity type has been scaffolded and the computation of the message to sign is in progress. Additionally, the team completed the adaptation of the WASM client npm package to support NodeJS and started to work on the cache for certificate verification in the WASM client.
> 
> Finally, they refactored the legacy store adapters which have been completely removed from the codebase, and explored solutions for signer registration when multiple aggregators are running on a Mithril network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team released a new one-line installer for the pre-built Mithril binaries, simplifying the update process for SPO signers. They also published an overview of the protocol [security](https://mithril.network/doc/mithril/mithril-protocol/security) on the documentation website. The team began implementing a new type of certification for the Cardano database to enable differential updates, scaffolding a new signed entity type, and progressing on the computation of the message to sign.  Additionally, they adapted the WASM client npm package to support NodeJS and started working on a cache for certificate verification in the WASM client. 

Finally, the team completed the removal of legacy store adapters from the codebase and explored solutions for signer registration in networks with multiple aggregators.
```
